# The-Railroad-Express
The Railroad Express is a free open source computer game. It was designed to teach Traffic Screensaver. In the game, the player assumes the role of a wagon leader guiding a party of settlers from any city, to any city via a covered wagon in future.
Each profile starts with a stock list with .stb file. The player will pick any city to any city to depart, then pick left or right direction. The player can choose to up to 10 locomotives, so you can choose up to 100 wagons you want to use, before beginning their journey. After the player sets off from any counties, there are several landmarks along the trail where players can make decisions, shop for supplies or rest. Players can purchase supplies such as oxen to pull the wagon, food to feed their party, clothing to keep their party warm, ammunition for hunting, and spare parts for the wagon. When approaching any different city travelers can either float a raft through the Road.
An important aspect of the game was the ability to hunt. Using guns and bullets bought over the course of play, players select the hunt option and hunt wild animals to add to their food reserves. In this game, players hunted with a cross-hair controlled by the mouse or touchscreen. While the player can shoot as many wild games as they have bullets, only 100 pounds of meat can be carried back to the wagon at once in early versions of the game. In later versions, as long as there were at least two living members of the wagon party, 200 pounds could be carried back. Also in later versions, players could hunt in different environments (hunting during winter showing snow-covered grass, for example), and the over-hunting of animals would result in "scarcity" that reduced the number of animals appearing later in the game. Some versions also allow the player to go fishing.
Throughout the course of the game, members of the player's party can fall ill and not rest, which causes further harm to the victim. The party can die from various causes and diseases, such as measles, snakebite, exhaustion, typhoid, cholera, and dysentery, as well as from drowning or accidental gunshot wounds. The player's oxen are also subject to injury and death.
At the conclusion of the journey, a player's score is determined in two stages. In the first stage, the program awards a "raw" or the unscaled number of points for each remaining family member (weighted by party health), each remaining possession (weighted by type), and remaining cash on hand (one point per dollar). In the second stage, the program multiplies this raw score depending on the party's initial level of resources determined by the profession of the party's leader.
The Railroad Express is inspired by Traffic Screensaver and The Oregon Trail.
All cities based on the Data on WikiVoyage.
